How to Build and Run Your .NET Project


1. Prerequisites
Ensure the following are installed:

Visual Studio 2018 (with the required workloads):
ASP.NET and web development.
.NET desktop development (if applicable).
.NET Framework or .NET Core SDK (as required by your project).
NuGet Package Manager (built into Visual Studio).

2. Open the Solution
Locate the NopCommerce.sln file in the root directory of the project.
Double-click the file to open the solution in Visual Studio 2018.

3. Restore Dependencies
In Visual Studio, go to Tools > NuGet Package Manager > Manage NuGet Packages for Solution.
In the Updates tab, restore or update any missing packages if prompted.
Alternatively, open the Package Manager Console (via Tools > NuGet Package Manager) and run:
Update-Package -Reinstall

4. Build the Solution
In Visual Studio, go to Build > Build Solution or press Ctrl + Shift + B.
Monitor the Output window for any build errors.
If there are errors, check the specific project (e.g., YadiYad.Pro) that failed and resolve issues.

5. Run the Project
Set the Presentation project (or the main entry project) as the startup project:
Right-click the Presentation project in the Solution Explorer.
Select Set as Startup Project.
Start the application by pressing F5 (Debug Mode) or Ctrl + F5 (Run Without Debugging).


6. Verify Output
For Web Applications:
Open your browser and navigate to the URL displayed in the Output window (e.g., http://localhost:5000).
For Console Applications:
The console window will display the application output.

7. Test the Application
Use the Tests project to run any included unit tests:
Right-click the Tests project in Solution Explorer and choose Run Tests.
Use Visual Studio's Test Explorer to monitor test results.

8. Publish the Application (Optional)
If deploying the project:

Right-click the Presentation project (or the main entry project).
Select Publish and follow the wizard to publish to:
Local folder.
IIS (for web applications).
Azure (if applicable).


Troubleshooting
Missing Framework: Ensure the correct version of .NET Framework/.NET Core SDK is installed.
Restore Errors: Manually clean and restore packages:
dotnet clean
dotnet restore
Build Failures: Check for missing NuGet dependencies or version mismatches.